Fix the Kafka cluster resource list (#3583)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/ref-list-of-kafka-cluster-resources.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion for title: _Kafka cluster resources created by the Cluster Operator_

Author: Chapter with similar title (_ List of resources created as part of Kafka cluster_) is in all chapters (Connect, Mirror Maker etc.). I do not think we should make just this single one different.

> The following resources will created by the Cluster Operator in the Kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following resources are created by the Cluster Operator in the Kubernetes cluster:
```

.Shared resources

`_cluster-name_-cluster-ca`:: Secret with the Cluster CA used to encrypt the cluster communication.
`_cluster-name_-cluster-ca-cert`:: Secret with the Cluster CA public key. This key can be used to verify the identity of the Kafka brokers.
`_cluster-name_-clients-ca`::  Secret with the Clients CA used to encrypt the communication between Kafka brokers and Kafka clients.

> `_cluster-name_-clients-ca-cert`:: Secret with the Clients CA public key. This key can be used to verify the identity of the Kafka brokers.

Reviewer 2: It's used to sign the client's private key so it's used to verify the identity of Kafka clients (during mutual authentication), or?

`_cluster-name_-cluster-operator-certs`:: Secret with Cluster operators keys for communication with Kafka and ZooKeeper.

.Zookeeper nodes

`_cluster-name_-zookeeper`:: StatefulSet which is in charge of managing the ZooKeeper node pods.
`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-_idx_`:: Pods created by the Zookeeper StatefulSet.

> `_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes`:: Service needed to have DNS resolve the ZooKeeper pods IP addresses directly.

Reviewer 2: I would say "Headless Service ... "

`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-client`:: Service used by Kafka brokers to connect to ZooKeeper nodes as clients.

> `_cluster-name_-zookeeper-config`:: ConfigMap which contains the ZooKeeper ancillary configuration and is mounted as a volume by the ZooKeeper node pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-config`:: ConfigMap that contains the ZooKeeper ancillary configuration, and is mounted as a volume by the ZooKeeper node pods.
```

> `_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes`:: Secret with ZooKeeper node keys.

Reviewer: mention why the same name in case people think it's a typo?

Author: I think this is fine. People will see the difference.

> `_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes`:: Secret with ZooKeeper node keys.

Reviewer 2: it's strange having two entries with the same name here but then they are different in terms of type (Secret vs Service) but you understand that in the description. I am not saying that we should do it or right now, but maybe having a table with "resource name", "kind" and "description" could be better? WDYT?

Author: I had a thought about the table. But I do not think it works so easily ... if you have separate column for Kind, the descriptions get a bit weird ... either they duplicate the kind in their current form ... or they are hard to read on their own, e.g. `Zookeeper node keys`.

Reviewer: Like the groupings, and I also like the description list format over table.

Reviewer 2: @scholzj let me don't agree on that :-) For each row you have the resource name, the kind and description so something like:

`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes`      Service     used to have DNS resolve the ZooKeeper pods IP addresses 
`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes`      Secret       contains ZooKeeper node keys

You can think about the current state as a table missing the column separation ... see this (using |||| to separate)

`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes` |||| Service |||| needed to have DNS resolve the ZooKeeper pods IP addresses directly.
`_cluster-name_-zookeeper-nodes`|||| Secret |||| with ZooKeeper node keys.

It's just that the kind is lost in the description. The table is much more readable

Author: That will not look good ... you have short kinds (Secret, Service) and long ones (Service Account, Pod Disruption Budget). The long ones will make the shorts ones in the same table hard to read.

Reviewer 2: I don't think so, it happens in a lot of tables out there and I don't really think it's an issue. For sure the current format is harder to read compared to a table.

Author: I haven't seen this anywhere. This looks terrible ... `Secret                          with ZooKeeper node keys.`.

Author: If you insist on a table, I can do it with having the kind twice ... once in its row and once in the description. That looks stupid but is still much more readable.

Reviewer 2: I have just suggested the table because the current way is not so readable to me.
Let's see what other @strimzi/maintainers think.

Author: @ppatierno It looks like nobody else cares about this. So how do you want to proceed?

Reviewer 2: Maybe the "maintainers" alias got lost, let's try with direct @tombentley @samuel-hawker @Frawless :)

Reviewer 3: Personally I think it is marginally easier to maintain without a table
I guess the question is how many users care about this list and of those who do, who would benefit from a table?
Those that care about specifics are more likely to be able to understand the information presented already in my opinion.

`_cluster-name_-kafka-brokers`:: Secret with Kafka broker keys.
`_cluster-name_-kafka`:: Service account used by the Kafka brokers.
`_cluster-name_-kafka`:: Pod Disruption Budget configured for the Kafka brokers.
`_cluster-name_-network-policy-kafka`:: Network policy managing access to the Kafka services.
`strimzi-_namespace-name_-_cluster-name_-kafka-init`:: Cluster role binding used by the Kafka brokers.

> `_cluster-name_-jmx`:: Secret with JMX username and password used to secure the Kafka broker port. Thsi resource will be created only when JMX is enabled in Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-jmx`:: Secret with JMX username and password used to secure the Kafka broker port. This resource will be created only when JMX is enabled in Kafka.
```

`data-_cluster-name_-kafka-_idx_`:: Persistent Volume Claim for the volume used for storing data for the Kafka broker pod `_idx_`. This resource will be created only if persistent storage is selected for provisioning persistent volumes to store data.
`data-_id_-_cluster-name_-kafka-_idx_`:: Persistent Volume Claim for the volume `_id_` used for storing data for the Kafka broker pod `_idx_`. This resource is only created if persistent storage is selected for JBOD volumes when provisioning persistent volumes to store data.

.Entity Operator

> These resource will be created only if Cluster Operator deployed Entity Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources are only created if the Entity Operator is deployed. The Entity Operator is deployed by the Cluster Operator.
```

`_cluster-name_-entity-operator`:: Deployment with Topic and User Operators. 

> `_cluster-name_-entity-operator-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Entity Operator Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-entity-operator-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Entity Operator deployment.
```

`_cluster-name_-entity-topic-operator-config`:: ConfigMap with ancillary configuration for Topic Operators.
`_cluster-name_-entity-user-operator-config`:: ConfigMap with ancillary configuration for User Operators.

> `_cluster-name_-entity-operator-certs`:: Secret with Entity operators keys for communication with Kafka and ZooKeeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-entity-operator-certs`:: Secret with Entity Operator keys for communication with Kafka and ZooKeeper.
```

`_cluster-name_-entity-operator`:: Service account used by the Entity Operator.
`strimzi-_cluster-name_-topic-operator`:: Role binding used by the Entity Operator.
`strimzi-_cluster-name_-user-operator`:: Role binding used by the Entity Operator.

.Kafka Exporter

> These resources will be created only if Cluster Operator deployed Kafka Exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources are only created if the Kafka Exporter is deployed using the Cluster Operator.
```

`_cluster-name_-kafka-exporter`:: Deployment with Kafka Exporter.

> `_cluster-name_-kafka-exporter-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Kafka Exporter Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-kafka-exporter-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Kafka Exporter deployment.
```

`_cluster-name_-kafka-exporter`:: Service used to collect consumer lag metrics.
`_cluster-name_-kafka-exporter`:: Service account used by the Kafka Exporter.

.Cruise Control

> These resources will be created only if Cluster Operator deployed Cruise Control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources are only created only if Cruise Control was deployed using the Cluster Operator.
```

> `_cluster-name_-cruise-control`:: Deployment with Cruise Control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-cruise-control`:: Deployment with Cruise Control.
```

> `_cluster-name_-cruise-control-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Cruise Control Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-cruise-control-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Cruise Control deployment.
```

> `_cluster-name_-cruise-control-config`:: ConfigMap which contains the Cruise Control ancillary configuration and is mounted as a volume by the Cruise Control pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-cruise-control-config`:: ConfigMap that contains the Cruise Control ancillary configuration, and is mounted as a volume by the Cruise Control pods.
```

> `_cluster-name_-cruise-control-certs`:: Secret with Cruise Control operators keys for communication with Kafka and ZooKeeper.

Reviewer: Do we need that _operators_?

Author: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-cruise-control-certs`:: Secret with Cruise Control keys for communication with Kafka and ZooKeeper.
```

`_cluster-name_-cruise-control`:: Service used to communicate with Cruise Control.

> `_cluster-name_-cruise-control`:: Service account used by the Cruise Control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-cruise-control`:: Service account used by Cruise Control.
```

`_cluster-name_-network-policy-cruise-control`:: Network policy managing access to the Cruise Control service.

.JMXTrans

> These resources will be created only if Cluster Operator deployed JMXTrans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources are only created if JMXTrans is deployed using the Cluster Operator.
```

`_cluster-name_-jmxtrans`:: Deployment with JMXTrans.

> `_cluster-name_-jmxtrans-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the JMXTrans Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-jmxtrans-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the JMXTrans deployment.
```

> `_cluster-name_-jmxtrans-config`:: ConfigMap which contains the JMXTrans ancillary configuration and is mounted as a volume by the JMXTrans pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-jmxtrans-config`:: ConfigMap that contains the JMXTrans ancillary configuration, and is mounted as a volume by the JMXTrans pods.
```

> `_cluster-name_-jmxtrans`:: Service account used by the JMXTrans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_cluster-name_-jmxtrans`:: Service account used by JMXTrans.
```

`strimzi-_namespace-name_-_cluster-name_-kafka-init`:: Cluster role binding used by the Kafka brokers.
`_cluster-name_-jmx`:: Secret with JMX username and password used to secure the Kafka broker port. Thsi resource will be created only when JMX is enabled in Kafka.
`data-_cluster-name_-kafka-_idx_`:: Persistent Volume Claim for the volume used for storing data for the Kafka broker pod `_idx_`. This resource will be created only if persistent storage is selected for provisioning persistent volumes to store data.
`data-_id_-_cluster-name_-kafka-_idx_`:: Persistent Volume Claim for the volume `_id_` used for storing data for the Kafka broker pod `_idx_`. This resource is only created if persistent storage is selected for JBOD volumes when provisioning persistent volumes to store data.

.Entity Operator

These resource will be created only if Cluster Operator deployed Entity Operator.

`_cluster-name_-entity-operator`:: Deployment with Topic and User Operators. 
`_cluster-name_-entity-operator-_random-string_`:: Pod created by the Entity Operator Deployment.
`_cluster-name_-entity-topic-operator-config`:: Configmap with ancillary configuration for Topic Operators.

> `_cluster-name_-entity-user-operator-config`:: Configmap with ancillary configuration for User Operators.

Reviewer 2: for both "ConfigMap"

`_cluster-name_-entity-operator-certs`:: Secret with Entity operators keys for communication with Kafka and ZooKeeper.
`_cluster-name_-entity-operator`:: Service account used by the Entity Operator.
`strimzi-_cluster-name_-topic-operator`:: Role binding used by the Entity Operator.

> `strimzi-_cluster-name_-topic-operator`:: Role binding used by the Entity Operator.

Reviewer 2: I am confused why two entries for `strimzi-_cluster-name_-topic-operator` ?
